Projectile documentation (#824)
lambdaclass/curse_of_myrra: docs/src/projectiles.md

Our first goal, is to create a prefab for the projectile and another one for its feedback. The first issue to solve would be to associate them for future references, for example when there are several projectiles being shot and we want to display a specific feedback for each one. For this, we needed a ScriptableObject. `ProjectileInfo.cs` inherits from the **ScriptableObject** class. In there we use CreateAssetMenu to make it easier to create custom assets using this class. We also stablished two GameObjects to reference: projectile and projectileFeedback.

```
public GameObject projectile;
public GameObject projectileFeedback;
```

To be able to assign this projectile scriptable object to a specific skill, we created a reference for it in `SkillInfo.cs`, which has all the references any skill could need. That's why we added there a reference such as:

```
public ProjectileInfo projectileInfo;
```

In addition, taking into account that each skill inherits from `Skill.cs,` we created `GetProjectileFromSkill()`, which returns the ProjectileInfo associated with the given skill through its scriptable object.

> On the other hand we created `ProjectileHandler.cs` to set all the projectile's actions. This script is attached to every projectile prefab. We are using **MMSimpleObjectPooler** to have a projectiles pooler. Feel free to read the [documentation](https://corgi-engine-docs.moremountains.com/API/class_more_mountains_1_1_tools_1_1_m_m_simple_object_pooler.html) on this but we eill give you a quick overview in regards of why we use this. Object Pooling is a great way to optimize your projects and lower the burden that is placed on the CPU when having to rapidly create and destroy GameObjects. To set our pooler we created `SetProjectilePrefab()`. For this we need to send 3 values through paratemer: a name for the GameObject that will be created with an **MMSimpleObjectPooler** component attached to it; the position where the **SimpleObjectPooler** list will be created; and the projectile prefab's name that will be used to fill the previously mentioned list, by default with a length of 10;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand we created `ProjectileHandler.cs` to set all the projectile's actions. This script is attached to every projectile prefab. We are using **MMSimpleObjectPooler** to have a projectiles pooler. Feel free to read the [documentation](https://corgi-engine-docs.moremountains.com/API/class_more_mountains_1_1_tools_1_1_m_m_simple_object_pooler.html) on this, but we will give you a quick overview in regards of why we use this. Object Pooling is a great way to optimize your projects and lower the burden that is placed on the CPU when having to rapidly create and destroy GameObjects. To set our pooler we created `SetProjectilePrefab()`. For this we need to send 3 values through parameter: a name for the GameObject that will be created with an **MMSimpleObjectPooler** component attached to it; the position where the **SimpleObjectPooler** list will be created; and the projectile prefab's name that will be used to fill the previously mentioned list, by default with a length of 10;
```

> In `Battle.cs` we stablished three variables to handle the projectiles.

Reviewer: Actually☝️ those are two variables

`SkillProjectile.cs` is a component in each projectile prefab. In this script we have a reference for projectile info and functions meant for each projectile.

```
[SerializeField] public ProjectileInfo projectileInfo;
```

In `Battle.cs` we stablished a HashSet to populate it with all the skills that have a projectile prefab assigned.

```
public HashSet<SkillInfo> skillInfoSet;
```

In `InitializeProjectiles()` we wait for the players to be loaded and check for each player, all their skills and save in the HashSet only the ones with a projectile prefab assigned.

> In `UpdateProjectileActions()`, called in `Update()`, if a gameProjectile status is active, we compare the skill triggered with the skills in the HashSet. This is how we determine which skill is being used and get their projectile. Once we know which that we are able to call all the functions needed within the `SkillProjectile.cs` such as `InstanceShoot()`, `ShootLaser()`, `LaserCollision`, `LaserDisappear()`, etc.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this one, maybe you meant something else.
